Rs/intro (#121)
neuralmagic/docs: src/content/get-started/use-a-model/cv-object-detection.mdx

---
title: "CV Object Detection"
metaTitle: "Use an Object Detection Model"
metaDescription: "Use an Object Detection Model with DeepSparse to deploy for faster and cheaper inference on CPUs"
index: 2000
---

# Use an Object Detection Model

This page explains how to run a trained model on DeepSparse for Object Detection inside a Python API called `Pipelines.`

`Pipelines` wrap key utilities around DeepSparse for easy testing and deployment.

> The object detection `Pipeline`, for example, wraps a trained model with the proper preprocessing and postprocessing pipelines such as NMS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The object detection `Pipeline`, for example, wraps a trained model with the proper pre-processing and post-processing pipelines such as NMS.
```

> The object detection `Pipeline`, for example, wraps a trained model with the proper preprocessing and postprocessing pipelines such as NMS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The object detection `Pipeline`, for example, wraps a trained model with the proper pre-processing and post-processing pipelines such as NMS.
```

Reviewer: These are all being hyphenated per previous comment.

With the object detection model setup, it can then be passed into a DeepSparse `Pipeline` utilizing the `model_path` argument.
The SparseZoo stub for the sparse-quantized YOLOv5l model given at the beginning is used in the sample code below.

> It will automatically download the necessary files for the model from the SparseZoo and then compile them on your local machine with DeepSparse.

Author: All the components of DeepSparse use the Engine underneath, so they all do compilation.
